hey guys today i'm going to answer the
question should i use daily or lifetime
budgets on my facebook ads account and i
have a really easy answer for you
i use one of them 95 of the time so be
sure to stay to the end
where i show you which one i almost
always use and
when i occasionally use the other one
but first i want to explain what
daily and lifetime budgets are and what
you can potentially expect from either
strategy
simply put when using facebook ads you
have the choice to either set your
budget at a daily amount
or a lifetime amount so what do these
choices actually mean
for daily budgets you're capping your
spend at a certain amount every single
day at an amount that facebook is likely
to spend in full
but to be honest there are often
discrepancies that i see between spend
every day sometimes it's going to be a
little bit higher sometimes it's going
to be a little bit lower but for the
most part it generally evens out to your
daily budget
now lifetime budgets this essentially
allows facebook to know a certain amount
that you're willing to spend over a
certain amount of time
whether or not it's a week or a month or
more and this allows facebook to choose
when it can spend more money maybe on
certain days it's going to see that the
algorithm is working in its favor and
it's going to spend a lot more while
spending a lot less on other days
and lifetime budgets can be super handy
for you if you're tying your budget to a
certain timeline like for a specific
sale or discount so in theory there's a
lot less for you to micromanage now
you can set these budgets in two
different places if you're using cbo
campaigns you can actually
choose between a lifetime or daily
budget at the campaign level
whereas if you're using ad set budgeting
you can then choose to have it between
lifetime or daily inside the ad set so
which one do we choose
i'm gonna be honest 95 of the time i use
daily budgets
i have not seen that big of a difference
in using lifetime budgets for
any single campaign type or industry and
sometimes i actually think it slows down
my performance because facebook isn't
thinking long term for the campaign or
ad set
and essentially it's only gathering
enough results until the end of the
lifetime
which means to me that i end up getting
a lackluster performance overall
and one thing i want to add as a note is
that for retargeting campaigns i always
always always use daily budgets i don't
even think about it but
there are really specific special
instances
when i use lifetime budgets for things
like special promotions like
holidays like specific long weekends
like memorial day or the 4th of july
and of course for those special blowout
sales like black friday or cyber monday
to be honest it's a little bit less
about performance and a lot more about
maintaining a specific budget that the
client indicated they wanted to spend
for those special promotions and i think
on some level too
the performance is slightly better
because facebook is trying to get as
many conversions with that specific
budget okay guys and that's it
leave me a comment below let me know if
you guys tend to use daily or lifetime
budgets
i actually see that this is a pretty big
contention among media buyers
particularly with the ones that have
worked in corporate or have worked for
smaller agencies
i've noticed that people who work for
much larger agencies or big businesses
they do tend to use lifetime budgets
i've never been able to replicate that
kind of success with the companies that
i work with which tend to have an
average ad budget
for under a quarter million per month
and of course if you guys have any
questions about facebook ads let me know
in the comments okay thanks bye